.TH ENDURANCE_PLOT 1 "2010-08-24" "sp-endurance"
.SH NAME
endurance_plot \- generate graphical representation of endurance data for trend analysis
.SH SYNOPSIS
endurance_plot \fIdir1\fP \fIdir2\fP ...
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fIendurance_plot\fP creates a large variety of (RAM, swap, CPU, X resource
usage, interrupt, context switch etc) graphs from sp-endurance collected data
for trend analysis. \fIendurance_plot\fP processes the given directories
(\fIdir1\fP, \fIdir2\fP, ...), and creates index.html and a collection of PNG
figures and corresponding jpeg thumbnails. The HTML file is placed in the
current working directory, and the figures are placed in a directory
\fIgraphs/\fP.
.PP
The HTML can be published by copying the graphs/ directory, index.html and
endurance-report.html into a browsable directory. Before publishing, it makes
sense to further compress the PNG files produced by gnuplot with optipng, see
below for an example.
.TP
\fIendurance_plot\fP has a few features that can be considered optional or experimental:

1. If a file called endurance-report.html (from
\fIendurance_report.py\fP) exists in the current directory, a link to the file
will be automatically added to index.html.

2. Swap fragmentation thumbnails will be added to index.html if such graphs
exist. \fIsave-incremental-endurance-stats\fP does not collect the data needed
for these graphs by default -- they have to collected by other means for now.

3. \fIendurance_plot\fP may be used to visualize powertop results.
\fIsave-incremental-endurance-stats\fP does not collect powertop data by
default -- it has to be manually collected for now. See the
runendur-with-powertop example provided in the sp-endurance package.
.PP
.B NOTE:
It's important that the measurement directories are given in the same order as
in which the measurements are done, otherwise the differences shown between the
measurements are incorrect. It's OK to give a subset of the directories though.
The measurement data is from \fIsave-incremental-endurance-stats\fP.
.SH EXAMPLES
Normal usage:
.br
	endurance_plot endurance/*
.PP
Display results in web browser:
.br
	firefox index.html
.PP
Display results in graphics viewer:
.br
	display graphs/*.png
.PP
Optimize PNG files for size:
.br
	optipng graphs/*.png
.PP
.SH BUGS
endurance_plot can choke on some new input data, typically on special
characters that it tries to use as part of file names.
.SH SEE ALSO
.IR proc2csv (1),
.IR parse-endurance-measurements (1),
.IR save-incremental-endurance-stats (1),
.IR gnuplot (1),
.IR optipng (1)
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (C) 2010 Nokia Corporation.
.PP
This is free software. You may redistribute copies of it under the
terms of the GNU General Public License v2 included with the software.
There is NO WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law.
